docs: update k8s auto discovery aws policy example (#41745)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/auto-discovery/kubernetes/aws.mdx

                "eks:DescribeCluster",
                "eks:ListClusters"
            ],
            "Resource": "<Var name="arn:aws:eks:*:123456789012:cluster/*" />"
        }
    ]
}
```

> Update `Resource` entries to match your AWS accounts EKS resources `arn:aws:eks:{Region}:{Account}:cluster/{ClusterName}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `Resource` entries to match your AWS account's EKS resources, which have ARNs in the following format: `arn:aws:eks:{Region}:{Account}:cluster/{ClusterName}`.
```
This sentence appeared a bit jumbled to me.
